mr. is a vernacular noise any sound or
combination of sounds to understand the
etymology of noise we must begin with
the Greek word Norse meaning ship in
Latin nor spawn two new words novice
which also refer to a single ship and in
turn gave rise to words like naval and
navigate and nausea which meant quite
literally ship sickness nauseas
acceptance into english eventually took
two forms the first in the 16th century
maintained its spelling and most of its
meaning referring to all forms of
stomach turbulence ocean related or not
the second addition to the english
dictionary was a transmutation from
latin through old french as this
transformation occurred nauseas meanings
shifted to encompass a more general
sense of discomfort and its spelling
changed to noise from this of course
comes the modern word noise which was
gradually modified from a definition
associated with discomfort into one
denoting an undesirable sound
eventually becoming an umbrella term for
everything auditory upsetting or not
Oh